<div style="display: flex; align-items: center; padding-top: 25px; ">
<img src="https://vitejs.dev/logo.svg" alt="react-bootstrap" width="7%" style="margin-right: 1rem;"/><span style="font-size: 40px; display:block; font-weight:bold; margin-right: 1rem; color: #ffc921;">+</span><img src="https://react-bootstrap.netlify.app/img/logo.svg" alt="react-bootstrap" width="7%" />
</div>

# Welcome to React Bootstrap boilerplate!

This boilerplate has been gracefully initiated with the help of
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), a
fantastic tool that provides a solid foundation for building React
applications. Additionally, it proudly incorporates the powerful
[Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/) and
[React Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.netlify.app/) as its CSS
frameworks, elegantly enhancing the visual appeal and responsiveness
of the user interface. To ensure streamlined development and
customization, the project employs the preprocessor SCSS. For the
inclusion of captivating and expressive icons, the renowned library
[React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/) has been
thoughtfully integrated. The combination of these remarkable
technologies ensures an exceptional user experience and a polished,
aesthetically pleasing design.

## Instructions

To get started with this project, follow these steps for a seamless
experience:

1. Begin by cloning the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure that you have **Node Version
   [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/v20.3.0-238636)]()** installed on
   your system.
3. Navigate to the project directory using the command line or
   terminal.
4. Now, execute the following command to install the necessary
   dependencies:

### `pnpm install`

Please be patient while the dependencies are being installed. Once the
installation process is complete, run the following command to start
the application:

### `pnpm start`

App will be started at
[http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

Congratulations! You are all set to explore and use the application.
Happy exploring!
